"Unlucky my eu counterpart  georgec_hs didn't make it to blizzcon, very well played all year my friend"
"The casters do understand that if he golden monkeys on an empty board he'll just lose to cthun unless he gets really lucky right?"
"When even Spotify knows you're the young savage "
"Whoops looks like I didn't get legend this season"
"LiquidSavjz RobertAWing coL_Sottle If kill command is in your hunter deck you're doing it wrong"
"SHAQ: Get ready for an NBA2K showdown with BudLightAllStar FChampRyan. Tip off is in 30! BudLightEsports "
"RobertAWing It's okay rob, sometimes you just take the L"
"You know you're growing up when you complete the cycle of liking Green Day, then disliking Green Day, and now once again liking Green Day"
"The fact that I find this debate funny is probably a bad thing"
"Ooh baby the rush, cya at blizzcon navi "
"TPG_Raven Wouldn't after a little while in this city you start saying the same thing about normal people?"
"Let's go IMTHyped you guys are gonna kill it "
"Happy with my play, need to work harder on preparation and will do so moving forward. GG and gl tomorrow hsTh3RaT"
"Glhf, should be some good games! "
"firebat spic\u00b7y\u02c8sp\u012bs\u0113/Submitadjectiveflavored with or fragrant with spice.\"pasta in a spicy tomato sauce\""
"Excited to play in this this coming weekend, should be fun! "
"Tbh battlenet going down is probably just a sign from god to start my homework"
"Purely on the basis of this video existing I really, really want dude_7597 to win "
"Is this really the most qualified guy we could get... have fun buddy! "
"You got the gold in the hearts of the fans Keaton. Good night sweet prince Batstone "
"Should be an interesting first try, go check it out! Rooting for my boy Chakki_HS "
"Was fun, did some talkstone and more in depth explanation/discussion of gameplay/state of hearthstone as well "
"The return of hyped, sick pickup and best of luck! "
"Seems people just have an issue with powerful cards rather than rng, hence cotw/axe higher than waker, juggler etc "
"firebat I voted for fiery bat"
".ThatsAdmirable Azumoqt by not killing the 1/1 chakki had flametongue as an additional out to end the game in g1"
".Chakki_HS works in mysterious ways "
"Go chucky "
"Placements not going too poorly this time around PlayOverwatch "
"RobertAWing I am hot and this Ethereal Peddler Rogue deck is garbage might've been a better phrasing"
"It's okay Deer_Nadia hearthstone isn't for everyone :) "
"LG_Muzzy: G2Thijs G2Lifecoach So, do you both go bungee jumping now? "
"RIP rushvoom you will be remembered "
"PlayHearthstone: Check out HCT Americas Winter Champion ArchonAmnesiac's Ted x Youth talk after qualifying for BlizzCon.  "
"I gave a Ted Talk about life as a pro gamer/student, slipped up once or twice but overall was happy with it, enjoy! "
"Nailed it with the 1 si tech, gratz and good luck tomorrow! "
"It's the young savage special, 1 si. Grats dude :) "
"Insanity is doing the same thing and expecting different results -the motherfucker who didn't believe in brute force "
"Streaming an updated handpriest list in 15 minutes  "
"I'm all in dealer "
"NaViHoej: Thanks a lot for the host ArchonAmnesiac :) - Won another online cup with ESH_Cursed FaceHunter and Nzoth Controle Warrior."
"Went about 50/50 with this silence priest list on today's stream,feels as though there's potential, will keep trying "
"Gonna stream some silence/handpriest for a few hours in a few minutes  "
"Only thing left to do is lock it in for blizzcon "
"ggDoA There's this thing called "
"Frodan G2Thijs I don't think I can part with my natural hair color is the only issue :("
"Frodan G2Thijs Agreed, but blizzard has continued to improve HCT every year, I'm sure they are working hard on solutions to these problems"
"Frodan G2Thijs I agree. Ideally championships and prelims would be the same set/format and then change seasonally imo but that's difficult"
"G2Thijs Frodan Would you just want the set released a month or so earlier? That's kind of a long time to cut off from a certain set"
"I'm painfully reminded of my age every time I go to the dentist with pictures of Nemo on the walls"
"The guy who just brought straight fucking murlocs qualified. I'm tilted. Good run frankinabox :/"
"dude_7597: Forgot to thank ArchonAmnesiac and LG_Muzzy in my interview, both have answered countless random questions from me and mad\u2026"
"I still love you lg_muzzy, you'll get em at last call"
"So by telling him we had fireball we were bluffing that were... setting up lethal?"
"Left before final matches, huge shoutout  to TheCaveFairfax for hosting, and gl to LG_Muzzy frankinabox yoitsflo_hs you guys got this"
"ArchonAmnesiac come on chakki, couldn't you have just closed my twitter"
"honestly this weekend really got me thinking if i've been doing pick order in conquest all wrong"
"Chakki_HS: the tempo warrior GOD yoitsflo_hs is currently one match away from making championships. he'll be on stream later."
"lolNostam: "
"Not sure what the casters are saying, but at least 50% of the commentary for this match better be focused on TempoSaiyan 's dashing looks"
"Lost, but happy with play and prep. Pulling hard for my friends still in to make it, already looking forward to blizzcon :)"
"Chakki_HS Same"
"Somehow, someway won first losers bracket match while playing shaman without drawing totem golem OR dumb 7/7. Still fighting boys"
"Shaman was banned, therefore could not draw totem golem and win, lost 3-2 to yoitsflo. Time to battle back through the losers bracket"
"Won round 2 3-2. Didn't draw totem golem but drew 2 big idiot 7/7s to compensate, also winning freeze v warrior with only antonidas was hype"
"Nailed it round 1, drew totem golem. Will attempt to continue drawing totem golem"
"Chakki_HS: when u gotta win hct again, but ball is life ArchonAmnesiac "
"Starting my day off right before hct prelims, if my draws are anything like my handle today we're golden "
".firebat chakki_hs lolnostam lg_muzzy lg_fr0zen yoitsflo you guys + whoever I forgot want to grab breakfast before prelims tomorrow?"
"deer_nadia pantry spider had single handedly breathed new life into the game, check out chakki_hs evolve deck, can confirm its a good time"
"hspurple I'm not in Toronto and I don't want to hang out at the venue. Figured you'd want a status update"
"firebat lg_fr0zen lg_muzzy lg_phonetap where are you all staying?"
"firebat I'm getting in in like 6 hours, want to climb a mountain once I get there?"
"Chakki_HS: Going to upload some of the better HCT matches that ArchonAmnesiac and I analyzed. Here's Xixo vs. Tvist"
"coL_superjj102 G2Thijs G2Lifecoach All I see are some pros and then this weird German dude with a nice haricut"
"RobertAWing in this case\"Das ist genug, um sie zu t\u00f6ten? k\u00f6nnte sein? Sie wissen, was es wahrscheinlich genug ist, um OH NO SEIL SCHEISSE'"
"RobertAWing Sounds like when you tried to play old patron warrior"
"SHAQ: Shaqtin a fool Olympic edition "
"My decks for prelims. Look weird, maybe bad, definitely sweet "
"Deer_Nadia LG_Zalae Luminosity LG_Muzzy LG_PHONETAP LG_Fr0zen Chakki_HS Rip LG_Nadia dream"
"Woo sick pickup gl to my good friend zalae with them, Luminosity looking super strong now "
"Chakki_HS: 7 more hours of reviewing HCT in the books, super excited to play in NA prelims myself next weekend! Will upload some of th\u2026"
"Had a fun time reviewing HCT day 2 with Chakki_HS on his stream today, what'd you guys think of it/how could we improve it for next time?"
"Chakki_HS: HCT has ended, and so the review begins! ArchonAmnesiac back on for day 2 as well.Starting soon at "
"Frodan just equality trade 1/1 then pyro pyro heal to kill off tirion after going all face right"
"Chakki_HS lolNostam Brutal"
"Value mage coming back strong this expansion "
"SHAQ: Rest In Peace Mr. John Saunders. YOU WILL BE MISSED! "
"Deer_Nadia We'll miss you qt &lt;3"
"TravisGafford Never give up never surrender"
"Be live in 5 mins, playing some StanCifka / coL_superjj102 yogg druid to start "
"Chakki_HS Bold move cotton"
"Best buzzard unleash of his life "
"ArchonAmnesiac Be on in like 5-10"
"Kinda feel like streaming for a bit "
"redbullesports: From casting to community management, Hearthstone's Robert Wing is a man of many talents.  https\u2026"
"RobertAWing Pepperidge farm also remembers such a time"
"This guy missed the memo that the 3/4 isnt out yet... "
"firebat TidesofTime Don't you play like league of the ancients now?"
"Chakki_HS: In case you missed our review ( here's a TL;DW on what cards we feel are going to viable "
