"Slvelid You can get a refund from Steam if you don't like it. But you won't need it."
"For those who've SOMEHOW managed to miss it, you need to check out Battlerite: "
"OH, MY SIDES"
"Actually woke up to a nightmare for the first time in what feels like forever. R.I.P my sleep."
"thezargo I don't, no. I cut it out a while back since I didn't have time to meet the rewards I'd offered. It was at about 300~"
"RSG_Monsanto ? "
"Made a video yesterday about new mechanic concepts. Not balanced or refined, but brainstorm."
"scoot301 Could word Heroic Throw \"Deal 1 damage to all enemy minions and deal damage to the enemy hero equal to the total damage dealt.\""
"thezargo Legacy packs (GvG, TGT, etc.), and 1 pack was opened during a bar opening for the crowd since they cheered it on"
"scoot301 I think it's fine as it is."
"HOLY COW! NovaBlitz SHOWED UP ON STEAM!"
"aranyaphoenix Yeah! What's your main's name?"
"aranyaphoenix We play on the same server?"
"coL_Sottle Pretty much. I had to argue for 2 hours with Twitch chat about my Yogg not being turned to dust"
"\"This ocean of wood chips looks tasty. Stop me if you can.\"    - Baby "
"I just realized after two years that even if Control Priest were Tier 1, its current card set feels so stale I wouldn't play it. R.I.P me."
"CdnMountainMan Quebec city! MAH BAD"
"Back home from a weekend in Quebec! Time to resume normal life &gt;_&gt;"
"itshafu At least you play a nasty Bakko from what I hear."
"Veerify I'd sooner uninstall"
"Bient\u00f4t \u00e0 Qu\u00e9bec pour l'ouverture du meltdownquebec ! Passez me voir si vous \u00eates dans le coin! HSPurple GaminatorQc"
"That moment when you realize you played a lot of your placement matches vs. AI and probably should be 500 points higher. R.I.P."
"neossirl Battlerite I like Rook when I get paired with an Aska or Poloma. Otherwise Oldur/Bakko is really sweet."
"Finally Grade 11 w/Solo Queue 2v2 alternating Oldur/Rook. I think Rook is a solid 2v2 champ; Oldur still wet noodle post-nerfs. Battlerite"
"Will be at the meltdownquebec opening tomorrow evening! "
"thezargo Can't be a new Adventure, we just got one."
"DSzymborski This is my favorite Priest archetype. CONFUSE MVP"
"HailstormJoshua LiquidSjow OP"
"I know who I'm bringing out of the collection dumpster when the new patch hits: "
"I'm freaking dead"
"meltdownquebec: Nos deux aventuriers HSPurple et coL_noxious rejoignent la liste des invit\u00e9s du 1er Octobre. Pr\u00e9parez-vous ! "
"pwny_hs Battlerite Are you trying to give me ulcers, or a friendly carry?"
"Can't wait for inevitable buff to Oldur's Petrify. THEN WE SHALL REIGN S00PREME"
"pwny_hs Battlerite Only play Oldur soloQ 2v2, need to playtest other characters to get a better feel for them; I'm almost 3k with him."
"GoldSpacePotato Kripparrian TrumpSC Cogmaster's Wrench was awful and they improved on it, simply. Bit overboard imo, but it's progress."
"Losing in Battlerite isn't like League &amp; Overwatch, no rage; poker doesn't tilt me as much as HS. Higher  of games/time dilute frustration?"
"Amarith_Alterna Nah man I'd have 100% gone on board; hell, I've suggested it at times :D"
"Battlerite Can't buy Chests at the moment, nor yesterday; stuck on \"Waiting for Server\". Is this a common issue?"
"LikeaBawse with the Emote &gt; Squelch counterplay meta TPG_Raven coL_Sottle"
"F2K_Varranis Haha, I was working on a video piece about my BG Kagu Gallows, nice to see that article"
"coL_Neviilz: Joined Complexity FeelsGoodMan "
"sryth Any plans to making an app version of Sryth?"
"Start YouTube video Fun Tech, get Yogg'd, Alt-F4."
"Well, level 25 Underlight Angler gives nothing special. Sad day."
"ChanmanV: Value Town 88 today at 4pm EDT w/ coL_noxious LG_Zalae G2Rdu - Decks, HCT, &amp; more! "
"Just found a cool M:TG channel I hadn't seen before, it's pretty damn relaxing to listen to them talk "
"crendor Hey man, hit me up by DM when you get a chance, please!"
"Sinckx It's a bit more specific than Koi, but yeah; those schools yield great stuff"
"I'll have to make a guide for Artifact Power leveling for the Underlight Angler; I found a great spot, better than the Ring/Queenfish!"
"\"sorry no trolling i graduated top armchair food scientist in my women studies class ur baby is obese u need to starve it man\""
"WarcraftDevs Is level 34 also the maximum for the Underlight Angler, even though I've already got all the traits?\u2026 "
"All done with the Traits, but... my bar says I need 105,000 more Artifact Power to level 25? What for!? "
"AskJoshy I almost did it but when it came to Mei I had to let it go and uninstall"
"compLexityLive: Our limited edition mousepad and Karambit Knife are now available! Get yours today\u2b07\ufe0f "
"That moment where you've got more stuff to say about Elder Scrolls Online than Hearthstone for a YouTube video."
"nodasHS Yeah, all her Priest abilities man. A nightsaber pet, moonkin-level lunar spells, a bow. Such priesthood."
"bdbrode Some harpy in Legion triggered my PTSD"
"bdbrode Can we get a Harpy Shaman hero that says \"MY TOTEMS, MY PRETTY TOTEMS\" next?"
"HERE WE GO :D"
"Uploading an hour long video of the creative Control Shaman deck I spoke of yesterday! :D It's on its way"
"G2Thijs You mean a 1 mana 3-charge weapon with 1-3 attack with no drawback is better than Cursed blade? No way."
"Anibal_Cardozo apDrop You just get to pick what you want late game; Taunt, Taunt, Taunt. Taunt."
"This deck is the most innovative thing I've played in a LONG time, props to apDrop "
"Turn 1: Spirit ClawsTurn 2: Coin + Tuskarr, gets GolemTurn 3: Tuskarr, gets FlametongueTurn 4: Hero Power, gets Spell Damage, kill my 3/3"
"We're actually getting a Night Elf hero. Elves, humans, orcs. Literally the dullest ideas possible. Shadow Priests obviously don't exist."
"Time to redesign the Wrath of Air Totem to make the Totem RNG less retarded? "
"ItsDaveGaming 7k fish caught? I don't know. I'm at 160k~ AP so far"
"Oh god... level 22 Underlight Angler, still need 2,700~ fish before I max it out. And I thought I had done a lot."
"AlejandroCoca_ OBS to record, Adobe Premiere to put stuff together"
"gamecreatorc All finished up; it was over the weekend!"
"ImpactHS_ GouletateurHS Nothing against your character, argued against your plays. Did the \"high or tired\" part offend you? If so, my bad"
"GouletateurHS ImpactHS_ I spoke of his dubious Shaman plays and said he was either high or tired. Chill out."
"hsTh3RaT G'LUCK!"
"gamecreatorc That was it. He deleted me after."
"WarcraftDevs Can you guys please look into Darkmoon Fishing Cap's drop rate for people at max fishing? This bug is old =l"
"[Hearthstone] ARENA CHANGES, CARDS REMOVED:  via YouTube"
"So why did the RNG of Shaman's Hero Power get tied to Spirit Claws? Is there some intellectual exercise I didn't engage in that explains it?"
"Guy had Edwin and Questing 7/7s on the board. I Brawled, won a 33% "
"That moment when you were rewarded by RNGesus "
"The higher the level of your Underlight Angler, the longer the lures last; what a sweet fishing pole! &lt;3"
"WarcraftDevs Can I request that the Underlight Angler fishing pole be wielded on the back as a hotfix, like every other pole?"
"I just realized Tuskarr Totemic is actually just a cheap Onyx Bishop."
"Moonglade Portal Druid video is up :D"
"B3pp3Calabr bdbrode Tuskarr isn't completely obscene as a standalone card, it's the Totem Golem coming from so many sources I dislike."
"bdbrode Can you guys seriously PLEASE change Tuskarr Totemic to work like Wicked Witchdoctor?"
"Amaz prophecy is fine, but certain prophecy cards just aren't. It's a nightmarish mechanic to balance."
"Is it bad that I just don't want to level in Legion and would rather skip straight to the Artifact Fishing Pole?"
"notrob I don't know, maybe 70~ ? Fooled around with other decks during the season, but the Legend push was with this."
"notrob From R5 to Legend basically"
"I figured it all out. Jet fuel vaccines killed Harambe."
"Bit last minute, but the Legend climb is done! Props to XRBlackwolf for the super fun tweak on Control Warr! "
"I now understand why people choose Aggro Shaman to climb; my 30-minute matches as Warrior are a testament to patience."
"All hail my new invention &lt;3 "
"pi_sarre Curator Warr"
"GrincherZ can't get the Fishing Artifact until I'm level 110. Fail."
"Redwud Eh, I got it in entry level greens. Not sure it means much =l"
"I like how every single Warlock in WoW is now \"First of the Council of the Black Harvest\". Way to snowflake everyone."
"Tuskarr Totemic giving Totem Golems is the most tilting shit I've encountered in this game since Undertaker."
"abhimannudas it's pretty outdated but sure"
"Savage Combatant is a trap. Back to Violet Teachers for me, let's make tokens great again."
