"LoLThor sure on weekends"
"Different take on Nzoth Warrior. Yes, Varian makes sense if you think about it more "
"tribute to LaughingHS "
"Skarnoy sure"
"real deck to ladder "
"great deck to farm legend points "
"DanilJS Kkk as in lol in Korean"
"baranselbukce doomsayer but it wont be optimal"
"This build has some potential. Moat lurker is for wacky points and should be replaced with something else "
"MichalJoezefek this same exact list"
"Twitch: Looks like LG_Muzzy's Yogg-Saron likes to play with fire. "
"noblord_hs: Clipped the Pyroblast Roulette Yogg from LG_Muzzy's stream (against FibonacciHS) "
"T3llumm elise"
"rperco main reason you play it for life gain not for body and life gain is never bad even at 5 mana"
"Got legend with this fairly standard nzoth deck. Play it if you only care about winning "
"LUL "
"eugenehofreeze face hunter and handlock are dead so no need for cruel"
"HomeTownHero008 any warrior deck with war axe works"
"FibonacciHS "
"some random decks i tried "
"a bit wacky but works "
"Really liked violet in cw deck "
"JLTeeters yogg is 2nd brawl"
"Sebas_cj11 not good from my testing"
"yondaime0113 mostly hunter but works against any aggro deck"
"another nzoth build "
"just standard cw with giants zzz "
"Nzoth list for today. Change geddon to rafaam or elise if you are facing control "
"NaViXiXo you monster"
"AstraLaMMB1 coil"
"prelim decks "
"CinderAscendant yes, that's the highlight of the deck. I think warrior should be developed that way as now and Ofc it can change with wings"
"updated nzoth deck "
"Recent deck I played to top10interesting variations include brewmasta/emp, twilight summoner/rafaam over loot/elise "
"ITTOSKiLLY alex ysera rag"
"got legend with this clown deck"
"SDparxelz gorehowl"
"Windello_HS funny that you didnt mention me getting majordomo from paletress and losing 50/50 brawl with alex. Plus having caller is huge"
"ThaBusDriv3r I would say important but you can get away with running harrison/brave/infested tauren"
"Updated N'zoth list for general laddering"
"Hopefully I can hold this Rank 1 again "
"Minor update and some stats on nzoth deck "
"yondaime0113 yes and dragon package makes deck much more inconsistent. Most of the time you dont want deathrattle you need just a taunt"
"TidesTV i think thats the right amount as of now"
"got top20 with this mildly interesting list "
"chessdude123: So i said i would keep streaming until I lost a game. 16 games later, this happened... "
"Decks to legend"
"stream "
"Decks I used to legend"
"Decks I played to legend this month"
"Unfortunately I wont be able to pick up my passport in 1 week so have to miss flight to LA. RIP"
"Decks I used for prelims"
"Qualified for top8 despite playing really bad and having lack of sleep. Really sad and opponent playing even worse didnt help either."
"4-0 today. Need to win 1 more for top8 tomorrow."
"Warrior list as of today "
"Maly Freeze deck I used for past few days "
"Been little busy with prelims prep, gonna stream after prelims"
"List I used last season "
"Hit legend with this list "
"Hello, I will be posting my daily decklists here"
