".LotharHS is having a short streaming session from Kiev! Come and say hi  "
".G2Westballz and PG_Plup fought like lions but lost the match. GG to ICE &amp; Macd! "
".G2Westballz loses his first doubles 3-2! Don't miss the next match! Join:  "
"SteelMason0912 thanks for all warm words \ufe0f\ufe0f\ufe0f"
"SteelMason0912: My G2esports jersey showed up as well! Chins up guys, the faithful shall always be cheering for you. Still EU CHAMPS!\u2026"
".G2Westballz is live at The Big House 6! Tune in:  "
".g2westballz falls against MVG_Mew2King in the fifth losers round at the Big House 6! GG "
".G2Westballz is currently facing MVG_Mew2King in the Big House 6! Follow it live on  "
"Check out our infographic about week 2 of the RLCS -  And don't forget to drop RLCS_Stats\u2026 "
"We fell 0-2 to gankstars on Evil 8 Week 3. GG wp to them! Safe and sound on a 1st place though :) "
"G2Rdu: Didn't stream for 1 week to prepare for last call but now i'm back, join me at  if you'd like"
"Meanwhile, G2Rdu is streaming! Come and join:  "
"Our vainglory team faces gankstars just in a few moments for a spot in the Evil 8 final! Join:\u2026 "
"xTheBeasstx doing our best :)"
"SoflyOnYouTube G2OverZero Lachinio KronoviRL thanks for support! "
"MFW trying to set up Deadly shot to kill the right minion  G2Rdu "
"We are the champions! Our Rocket League team beats GenesisRL_ 3-0 and wins the Midseason Mayhem without dropping a\u2026 "
"The battle for the title begins! Our team takes on GenesisRL_ in the Midseason Mayhem final! Tune in:\u2026 "
"fELIXSAnCSGO Exodus_RL check  under Videos!"
"Our Rocket League team gets a clean 3-0 victory over Exodus_RL and goes through to the Midseason Mayhem final!\u2026 "
".G2OverZero gets the game-winning goal with the nose of the car from a very tight angle! "
"It's Mayhem time! Come watch as our Rocket League team takes on Exodus_RL  "
".G2rdu fought well during the tournament, but Pavel_HS didn't bend in the final. Dima, much love from the\u2026 "
"G2Rdu: I also want to thank everyone that supported meFeels great to have more people cheering than trashtalking or insulting me..."
"G2Rdu: Winning nothing (0$) after today feels heartbreaking...Congrats ANOX_Pavel !I will not give up, Blizzcon next year is the goa\u2026"
"It's time to show some samurai skills, G2rdu! Good luck in the final! We have got your back G2FAMILY "
"Itz_Aura vaingloryesport thank you :)"
".G2Westballz and PG_Plup win their match 2-0 and are very close to entering the top 8 at The Big House 6! "
".KronoviRL finished the game vs DeceptionRL in an elegant manner! "
".G2Westballz is playing alongside PG_Plup in the The Big House 6 Doubles tournament! Come watch -\u2026 "
"CarlosR: Our teams are raising like a Phoenix.HearthStone, Vainglory and Rocket League Teams doing fantastic. Go boys!!!G2esports"
"G2WIN "
"jeremyboyumsow KronoviRL Lachinio Gambit_RL RocketLeague a lot! :)"
"A clean 3-0 victory over DeceptionRL and we're in the semis of the Midseason Mayhem! Well played!  "
"CarlosR: Astonishing support from our Spanish fans from Barcelona.Gracias chicos. Vamos a seguir mejorando en 2017.G2esports"
".g2rdu beats Bunnyhoppor in the Last Call and is now just one match away from BlizzCon! Let's go!  G2WIN "
"AlexHundor: Since gankstars won their game vs Team Secret, we won split 1! Good job guys ReddixVG G2DarkPotato G2esports "
"G2Thijs: 1 MORE!!!! G2Rdu"
"G2Rdu: One more :o"
"In a few minutes we face DeceptionRL in the Midseason Mayhem! Tune in:  "
"ReddixVG: GG wp to mousesports - were just one point away from finishing Split 1 of the Evil 8 as 1"
".G2Rdu 2 - Yogg 0 "
"Here we go! G2rdu faces Bunnyhoppor for a spot in the Last Call final!  "
"G2Thijs: Lets go G2Rdu! G2WIN "
"GG to mousesports as we close out series with a convincing victory in the third game! "
"pace_wolfy G2DarkPotato ReddixVG AlexHundor we're on it!"
"stuwilson98 G2ScreaM nice one! "
"GyrosAreYummy xDanJames PlayHearthstone which is true :)"
"We've partnered up with superevilmegaco for a sweet Vainglory giveaway! Enter now:  "
"With another Evil 8 title in sight, our Vainglory takes on mousesports. Follow it live on  "
"MFW I get a turn six lethal "
"-CarlosR is with the G2Vodafone team live from Barcelona! \ud83e\udd17 "
"Nerfed Yogg in all its beauty finished game 5 in favor of G2Rdu! "
"PlayHearthstone: You can see the exact moment in which G2Rdu notices he has lethal on board. Bunnyhoppor vs NG_Sintolol up next! htt\u2026"
"Sixth-turn lethal brings G2Rdu a victory over ShtanUdachi! Well played! "
"CarlosR: Yes!!!!! G2Rdu"
"G2Rdu: PogChamp 2 more!G2WIN"
"Btw, G2Lifecoach is casting Last Call in German!  "
"Cheezburger24 G2Rdu this one looks like Garrosh Hellscream. No connection with the next scene was intended."
"EU Last Call starts in 20 min with G2Rdu first match! Don't forget to tune in:  "
"eSportKrypto: My G2esports Merchandise finally arrived.  "
"The Big House 6 Melee action continues tomorrow   &amp;  - Stay tuned for more updates! TBH6"
". G2Westballz takes the win in Melee Crews for SoCal over the favorites from Florida! SSBM TBH6 TheBigHouseSSB "
"It's time for some RocketLeague !Lachinio is live:  "
"NormStormLoL we did learn a lot. It's time to analyse everything and come back next season!"
"chhopsky we knew we had the best supporters in the world! Glad we weren't wrong ITSNOTOVER"
"Oh that's good "
".G2Rdu speaks on The BlizzCon 'curse', current meta and Last Call Tournament. Check out our interview:\u2026 "
"G2mithy: Sorry everyone. Time to take this shitty run as something to learn from, next year will hopefully be way better!"
"G2Thijs: Looking at the EU Last Call decks it is cool to see a lot of different strategies after last patch. Only Shaman is picked 8 ou\u2026"
"GGArtemis thank you! Your words means a lot!  ITSNOTOVER"
"Ready for some Hearthstone? G2Thijs is live! Join:  "
"G2Rdu: Just arrived in Amsterdam!Super early but at least I have some hours to explore the city before I check in the hotel "
"It is time to look ahead to the future, as G2Perkz put it!  "
"Thank you Likkrit and good luck to you and the rest of albusnoxteam at Worlds  "
"We leave Worlds on a winning note as we take down albusnoxteam in our final match. Thank you for the amazing supp\u2026 "
"Our final match at Worlds sees us face albusnoxteam once again. Follow it on  "
"Our second match of the night goes the way of clgaming. In about one hour, we will play our final match at Worlds\u2026 "
"Next up, we play for pride against clgaming at Worlds. Follow the match live on  "
"G2Perkz: Really sad and disappointed that all of my and my teams hard work we put didn't show , but we will stay together and come stro\u2026"
"G2Perkz: I've learned so much this year , can't wait for next season where I can use it all to become better player and a teammate, pea\u2026"
"We crash out in the groups. Thank you for your insane love and support.An insightful review of our 2016 run will be done after Worlds"
"CarlosR: GG. Pretty much every other team at Worlds have shown that they got what it takes to play on stage. They deserve this better."
"CarlosR: To finish, I want to thank every supporter of G2esports for your inconditional love and support. We would not exist witho\u2026"
"CarlosR: On a personal note, I would appreciate if you give support to our players. They worked really, really hard for this tournament."
"CarlosR: Great first League of Legends year for us. I'm proud of our team and their exhaustive preparation coming into this tournamen\u2026"
"We fall against LOL_Tigers and cannot go through to the playoffs. GG to them! But we will not go down without a fi\u2026 "
"CarlosR: If there is chance, there is hope.G2WIN"
"This is it, the first of three finals! Come watch as we take on LOL_Tigers and cheer us on!  "
".Lachinio is streaming! Join live action:  "
"Today, everyone from the G2FAMILY send you good vibes. We believe in you! Go and do your best! "
"ECS season 2 is about to start! Check out all the participating teams here:  "
"G2Thijs: G2Rdu G2esports You got this!"
"G2Rdu: Submited decks for Last Call ! I will show them tomorrow as part of an interview on G2esports , so follow their twitter and sta\u2026"
"ReddixVG "
".ReddixVG proved that changing roles is easy for a talented player. Check out his story:  "
"SplycePro H2KGG gl guys!"
"Milallana thanks :) will do our best!"
"Gambit_RL: Streaming at  in a few minutes"
"KronoviRL: Streaming some practice/ranked :D"
