"FenoHS LiquidNeirea DaddyHoppor saving the day"
"LiquidNeirea Professional hearthstone players :^ )"
"NaViXiXo Congrats!"
"Didn't stream for 1 week to prepare for last call but now i'm back, join me at  if you'd like"
"One of the best interviews I ever had, thanks Matthieist for the great interview and GGNydrA for transcribing wha\u2026 "
"Just got back home, might stream in like an hour and reopen the Romanian salt mines :^ )"
"TomflrHS The name is too long, 'Harambe' definitely fits better"
"Navi00T PlayHearthstone good luck bro, you got this!"
"G2Thijs Avenge me and win Blizzcon, bro!"
"HS_Orange I have the same issue sometimes, I'll consider taking sleeping pills with me next times, Esports is hard man :)"
"GameKingHS IeSF_Master PlayHearthstone Congrats bro!"
"One last thing : I'm almost sure the soulfire was correct. I felt like I had no other way to win going into mage turn 7"
"I also want to thank everyone that supported meFeels great to have more people cheering than trashtalking or insulting me..."
"Winning nothing (0$) after today feels heartbreaking...Congrats ANOX_Pavel !I will not give up, Blizzcon next year is the goal!"
"One more :o"
"Enjoying a cup of coffee since it will be a long day!Playing in like 1.5-2 hours on stream against Bunnyhoppor, wi\u2026 "
"Chakki_HS what does that mean?"
"PlayHearthstone: You can see the exact moment in which G2Rdu notices he has lethal on board. Bunnyhoppor vs NG_Sintolol up next! htt\u2026"
"PlayHearthstone: The Europe Last Call Invitational is live! The first quartefinals of the day are G2Rdu and ShtanUdachi! "
"People don't want to watch invitationals :^ ) "
"PogChamp 2 more!G2WIN"
"StormFeverHS coL_Sottle even though the Na last call is more stacked, Eu is still the best region :p"
"AdamaiPlays ofc I prepared for everyone but I just didn't pick decks that could lose me the first series"
"G2esports: .G2Rdu speaks on The BlizzCon 'curse', current meta and Last Call Tournament. Check out our interview: "
"The G2esports  interview about last call is now up here: Will try to play my best tomorrow and Rdo It!G2WIN"
"Wow "
"TPG_Raven Ekop PlayHearthstone You mean how they got invited to the invitational? :^ )"
"TPG_Raven Ekop PlayHearthstone the audience will think we got invited and will devalue the achievement"
"coL_Sottle It's far superior to any championship played this year. NA last call is even more stacked than EU imo"
"TPG_Raven Ekop PlayHearthstone what about 'Last Call'? Simple and effective"
"Ekop: Why is it called Last Call \"Invitational\" when people worked superhard to QUALIFY for the event PlayHearthstone"
"Abysuss_HS execute nerf hit them pretty hard"
"Here are the decks, what do you guys think?Also it triggers me that it's called invitational when it was hardest t\u2026 "
"G2Thijs: Hyped for the EU Last Call, going to tavern in Amsterdam myself to cheer for G2Rdu and the rest that worked the entire year f\u2026"
"Also got to take a look at my opponents' decks and it made me feel great about my lineup.Predicted all the decks that Shtan brought  too!"
"Just arrived in Amsterdam!Super early but at least I have some hours to explore the city before I check in the hot\u2026 "
"G2esports Thanks G2Thijs , ImpactHS_ , coL_Crane333 , StanCifka , noblord_hs and Casie_HS for helping me with the decks!"
"Submited decks for Last Call ! I will show them tomorrow as part of an interview on G2esports , so follow their twitter and stay tuned!"
"KitkatzHS you lost the toastflip :( gotta praise yogg more"
"BakedZnake igetnokick it's easier to understand when written and when read outloud it's the same both ways"
"Submitted the RDO IT emote, should be avaible to the subs tomorrow, just in time for last call, thanks a lot\u2026 "
"GO_Odrel BlackoutHS The last thing i imagine Lewis being is the leader of an esports federation"
"BradHearthstone If you want a six pack you should take the priest one :^ )"
"What if the error you see after the patch has been planted by Blizzard on purpose to test how good we are at problem solving?"
"ThatsAdmirable go in the options under the HS logo and hit scan and repair"
"You just have to believe more "
"NaViXiXo: Ye guys, like everyone else is saying, options (below the hearthstone logo) -&gt; scan and repair "
"PogChampcan't wait for last call! "
"Tried to build a full anti shaman tempomage deck on stream, join me to see the experiment unfold at\u2026 "
"Starting my stream continuing the climb"
"g2win ! "
"Handsomeguy and the twitter argumentRead: "
"Frodan TomflrHS Navi00T From now on winning a prelim is not such a big deal since HG won 2/3 without you guys specifying how he got there"
"Frodan TomflrHS Navi00T No because facts were not hidden from the public like in this case."
"georgec_hs Frodan TomflrHS Navi00T George for example deserved way more praise for what he did but got the short end of the stick"
"Frodan TomflrHS Navi00T I find it a great injustice to let public oppinion form while not having all the facts presented to them"
"TomflrHS Frodan Navi00T callumleslie92 BUT MAN YOU CAN TRY HARDER, RIGHT?"
"Frodan callumleslie92 Navi00T No matter how hard you try, beating a 30 point starting deficit is impossible"
"Frodan Navi00T I don't remember celebrating anyone as being 'the best'"
"Frodan Navi00T Not presenting how he got to the 8 man tournament is the biggest issue since people assume he qualified like in eu/na"
"Frodan Navi00T  you think manipulating the community like this by hiding facts is fine?"
"Frodan Navi00T Don't get me wrong winning 2-8man's is not easy but the way you guys presented it makes him look like the best player ever"
"Frodan Navi00T How come overexaggerating is fine but demeaning the overexaggeration to normal is a crime?"
"Frodan Navi00T I love how you bring the discussion towards me or my teammates in order to undermine the points i brought up about HCT asia"
"Frodan Navi00T So basically you think that by overexaggerating his achievements you're helping competitive Hearthstone?"
"Frodan Navi00T Salty is a nice word used perfectly to undermine good points about a super flawed system. Don't listen to me, i'm crazy"
"Frodan We would've had invites on ShtanUdachi, Me, Greensheep but if Asia's system applied than maybe Shtan would snowball like handsomeguy"
"Frodan I agree 1 should be invited but not have championships transfer points. Leads to a super unfair race when one guy can't lose"
"Frodan I think points from the championship should be transfered to last call and not to the next season if you plan inviting 1 directly"
"Frodan  he finished 10 ahead while he started 20 ahead. 10 ahead while he started 30 ahead"
"Frodan 1 should be invited while the points you earn at the championship don't transfer to the next one since that creates a snowball"
"Frodan He obviously should be praised for winning 2 out of 3  8-man invitationals and for being 1 points in winter but that's it"
"Frodan Why do you have to turn it against me? I'm just pointing out that everybody praises him for qualifying when he got invited"
"Frodan it's very close if you look at it season by season, he's 10 points ahead at the end starting with 20/30 headstart in sprin/summer"
"callumleslie92 RobertAWing Winner of OGN and 1 in points are 2 of the slots.then other regions have their own prelims too.I'm pretty sure"
"Frodan 1 in points in Asia being directly invited to the top8 championship definetly helps and starts a snowball once you get there"
"Thanks a lot to the 46 lovely people that chose my channel for the twitch prime subscription during today's 8h stream! Will get new emotes"
"Long weekend stream is now on, let's climb in the new ladder season!1 week remaining until last call :o"
"firebat: I get the honor of casting some of the most skilled players in Hearthstone at Last Call! Can't wait. "
"Won't be streaming today but i will do some long streams this weekend since the season resets!"
"GrillcoachHS yes, Last call is the first tournament after the changes :)"
"D_Bobba89_HS 8 of october"
"EU Final standings updated and i officially finished the year at 1!This is how the Last Call matchups would look\u2026 "
"Time for some chill ladder with murlocs, come and let's discuss the changes :)"
"G2Thijs: Me this evening, thank you PlayHearthstone!!! "
"HS_Orange theAllianceGG Nerfs just announced and orgs started jumping into HS again, congrats :)"
"PlayHearthstone: We're making some changes to certain cards in an upcoming update!  "
"At first glance, i absolutely love the changes, super hyped !!!!!"
"BALANCE CHANGES BEFORE LAST CALL YES!"
"Xixo Exposed "
"A bit late but i'm going live now!"
"GGNydrA Could you guys find an even older picture of me? :^ )"
"Going live!Music on today :)"
"GreenSheepHS ShtanUdachi good luck to both :)"
"Frodan DrHippi_VP rigged? Kappa"
"Naiman_HS DrHippi_VP Bunnyhoppor 2 VP 2 G2 Sounds better IMO"
"NaViXiXo DrHippi_VP maybe you need a german translator too next time you play in a tournament :^ )"
"GreenSheepHS: 1. G2Rdu 2. georgec_hs 3. NaViHoej 4. Bunnyhoppor 5. NG_Sintolol 6. ANOX_Pavel 7. NicslayHS 8. ShtanUdachi\u2026"
"Congrats DrHippi_VP , winning as i predicted on stream :)With this result, GreenSheepHS and ShtanUdachi will play tiebreaker for 8 ?"
"Chill guys freeze mage is a good deck :^ )"
