"AKA_Wonder They are addicting!"
"AKA_Wonder: Hey G2Thijs look what Im bringing to Spain! Delicious "
"\u0306 TOTEMIC MIGHT \u0306 "
"Feeling so bad for G2Rdu, he worked so hard the entire year and again so close to Blizzcon. Hearthbreaking :("
"G2Rdu: Winning nothing (0$) after today feels heartbreaking...Congrats ANOX_Pavel !I will not give up, Blizzcon next year is the goa\u2026"
"Such an unlucky series for Radu :("
"1 MORE!!!! G2Rdu"
"AKA_Wonder You are welcome &lt;3"
"Lets go G2Rdu! G2WIN "
"elkypoker PlayHearthstone 3 was the right answer ;)"
"First win is in, 2 more to go! Rdoit! "
"Venue in Netherlands looks amazing, EU last call is about to begin. Super excited, rooting for my teammate G2Rdu! "
"elkypoker: Ready to Rock the PlayHearthstone  Last Call EU with AKA_Wonder and G2Thijs  ! Come play with us all day long  in Cast\u2026"
"ONE_Mitsuhide ONE_LbDutchboy Congrats, really impressive results you all have lately in the team!"
"LiquidSjow I think Morgl is better \ud83e\udd14"
"LiquidSjow Laddergod sjow."
"G2esports: .G2Rdu speaks on The BlizzCon 'curse', current meta and Last Call Tournament. Check out our interview: "
"Looking at the EU Last Call decks it is cool to see a lot of different strategies after last patch. Only Shaman is picked 8 out of 8."
"redbullesports: .G2Thijs on the current meta and the upcoming World Championship    "
"Wimke7 Damn that one is awesome, could you also send 1 without text maybe, would like to see the difference &lt;3"
"Wei2Yu3 PlayHearthstone Somebody going to the tavern in Amsterdam tomorrow?"
"Stream online, time to get legend today? "
"Hyped for the EU Last Call, going to tavern in Amsterdam myself to cheer for G2Rdu and the rest that worked the entire year for their spot."
"elkypoker PlayHearthstone See you in Amsterdam Satuday!"
"G2Rdu G2esports You got this!"
"TheFishou Tr\u00e8s bon!"
"No stream today, going to the Emerce_eDay conference where I will speak about esports and my life as a professional gamer, hopefully fun :)"
"wardgeene Emerce_eDay Let's do this! :)"
"76,7% winrate today on stream, making RenoLock great again! "
"Time for some good old Renolock today and test thijsTappa. 9 new emotes approved! "
"CelestialSinn Good post!"
"Making Charge warrior a thing! "
"Frodan TempoEloise LOL"
"R.I.P. Yogg 2016-2016. You may be gone but you will never be forgotten! "
"CalamityCrimson Cool design, I like it a lot. Gonna use it, thanks! &lt;3"
"Streaming time, let's Yogg it up now we still can! "
"AntoTheGamer26 ggs &lt;3"
"Did a 8h stream of Tyrande today, hard to make Priest work in Shamanstone but we still climbed some ranks. Here my\u2026 "
"Sundaystream, starting with some Secret Hunter. I got 12 new twitch emotes available, share me some creative idea's! "
"firebat The resurrect unicorn Priest is real!"
"Celebrated Twitch Prime today with a 12 hour stream, ending up with a subtrain of 1500 subs. Craziest stream ever, Twitch for life! "
"Looking also for good sub emote idea's and people that can maybe designs. Currently 10 free emote slots. PM me if you are interested."
"Currently having a 500+ subtrain thanks to Twitch Prime. Little unbelievable but thank you all so much \ufe0f"
"New season, new decks. Starting with some Aggro Freeze Mage! "
"Twitch rocks, this is awesome. If you have Amazon Prime already you can subscribe to 1 channel for free. Value "
"Frodan PlayHearthstone Netherlands not eligible FeelsBadMan"
"hsTh3RaT It for sure worth to do once in your life, I'm just not the adventure type ;)"
"A bet is a bet so I had to bungeejump. Super scary but proud I did it. Watch it on:  "
"G2esports: A bet is a bet! G2Thijs lost a Legend race to G2Lifecoach and had to do a bungee jump!  -&gt; Watch on "
"Got into the top 10 offstream. Is old Patron still good? \ud83e\udd14 "
"Got legend during my 3 day journey in Wild. 82% winrate all the way from Rank 25, needed 104 games in total. "
"Last day of my 3day journey in Wild. Lets make more cool decks, maybe going for legend too? "
"tylerootd compLexityLive congratz fellow dutchmen, well deserved :)"
"My review on the upcomming balance changes! "
"Day 2 of my Journey in Wild! "
"Me this evening, thank you PlayHearthstone!!! "
"HS_Orange theAllianceGG Congratz mate!"
"Both seem reasonable, really strong effects for 1 mana. It had to be Doomhammer or Rockbiter for Shaman. "
"The card I won't miss :) "
"BALANCE CHANGES!!!!!!!!! "
"Pretty refreshing playing a day in Wild, went from Rank 25 to 10 in 6h with these 3 decks, going 35-8 overall. "
"Giant Sandworm OP, please nerf! "
"Since I have played enough Shamans lately, I will go for a 3-day journey into Wild starting now! "
"Traveling back to NL, had 5 great days in Vienna and feel I made a big step in my preparation to Blizzcon. Will be back streaming tomorrow."
"G2Lifecoach: Coffee Time... Vienna HS capital! :) "
"Playing 2 days with practice partners and I feel I improved myself more than 1 month of laddering. TryhardforBlizzcon"
"G2Lifecoach: Jaaaaa, did it!!! "
"Congratulations to DrHippi_VP winning the 3rd EU spot for Blizzcon, our lineup is getting strong! HCT"
"Enough heights for today, time to chill a little in the pool and watch the finals of HCT. "
"I did the 180m bungeejump from the Donautorum!! Was scared as hell but also damn proud I have done it. Video will be up later ;)"
"G2Lifecoach: Getting ready "
"Right....... "
"Breakfast you only get at Lifecoach his place. "
"Went for a day climbing with Lifecoach, pretty challenging experience. Time to chill and watch some HCT, ikealyou is my pick to win."
"G2Lifecoach: Prep for the Bungee Jump tmr at 12 from Donauturm!Fanmeeting afterwards on the ground around 1pm if we land safely:) http\u2026"
"ggDoA No 20min farming, lets fight!"
"Waiting now 2h for my flight to Vienna but they keep roping the departure. Coincidence G2Lifecoach? "
"ggDoA Play it myself and I enjoy it more watching/playing compared to LoL, game is really good with a lot of action."
"Super happy with the bo7 format, 26 Oktober will be my first match at the World Championship! "
"5-1 now with Kolento his Renounce Darkness Warlock, try it out if you wanna have some fun. "
"Thats what I call a turn 3 "
"Last stream for this week, going to Vienna for 5 days visiting Lifecoach, sunday Bungeejump  "
"LMakih Awesome, how is the Siphon Soul doing?"
"coL_Fantasy DeaziD GosuGamers DotACapitalist Thnx :)"
"Proud and happy to represent Hearthstone in the Esports Industry Awards! "
"Sorry guys, no stream today. Taking care of a lot of boring stuff I didn't do for too long, feels atleast good to see progress :D"
"ArcanisHS GG ;)"
"GAMURScom: \"I want to blame all the mistakes on myself.\" - G2Thijs "
"Early morning, early stream. Starting with some Druid action! "
"Kruijffje Gefeliciteerd! :)"
"GAMURScom: .vampaurora had a chance to sit down with G2Thijs of G2esports, \"I want to blame all the mistakes on myself\" "
"Seediessen Happy to hear that! "
"Didn't stream for just 4 days but felt way longer, good to be back again! Now it's time for the traditional long post event nap :D"
"G2esports: .G2Thijs is on a N'Zoth Warrior stream session. Come check it!  "
"Streaming, starting with some Barnes N'Zoth warrior! "
"back in the Netherlands, lets do a stream in 1,5-2h!"
"Traveling back to home, was cool meeting everyone again at DH Bucharest. Might be able to do a stream today, otherwise back tomorrow ;)"
"Congrats to HotMEOWTH winning the American summer HCT :)"
"coL_superjj102 pglesports JJ Unstoppable"
"Last day of Dreamhack Bucharest, 6 players left, Lifecoach playing against Hoej! "
