". G2Rdu interview at HCT Last Call EU: \"I felt cursed playing the Preliminaries\"  "
"We ask you: Who will win HCT Last Call Americas?  "
". ANOX_Pavel wins HCT Last Call Europe over G2Rdu  "
". NaViXiXo is the first grand finalist of WESGcom Europe  "
"Here are the 8 players to represent Europe at WESGcom Grand Finals "
". G2Rdu will play the winner of Bunnyhoppor and NG_Sintolol on HCT stream next: "
"HCT Last Call Qualifier Europe: A viewers guide  "
".HS_Orange locks a flawless WESG record on his first event as Alliance player  "
"Who will win WESG Europe tomorrow? "
"Decklist spotlight: All decks from HCT Last Call Europe  "
".HS_Orange is the third EU player to qualify for WESGcom Grand Finals, does so with perfect score\u2026 "
"Decklist spotlight: KranichHS' Witchdoctor Shaman  "
"Decklist spotlight: NaViXiXo's line-up from WESG Europe  "
"Underdog names secure the first EU seeds into the $300,000 WESG  "
"The king of the classes: How TessinHS won pglesports' 9-deck tournament  "
". compLexityLive Hearthstone expands, signs EU Spring semi-finalist casie_hs  "
"Get ready for the first day of WESG Europe. Follow the tournament here:  "
"Groups and talent for WESG Europe finals announced  "
"Handsomeguy and the HCT APAC story: The Innervated podcast 59  "
"Post-nerf decklist spotlight: LG_Muzzy's Midrange Shaman  "
"My new sounds: The Innervated 59: Any last calls?  on SoundCloud"
"Post-nerf decklist spotlight: G2Thijs' Charge Control Warrior  "
"The Innervated starts in 10min, 21:30 CEST at Topics: Last Call Qualies"
"Any last calls? Tonight on The Innervated at 21:30 CEST   "
"The PlayHearthstone Competitive Recap: September 26 - October 2  "
"DeathBoose nR_Heib gigacon_no Yes, but it has to be an international event to begin with, or be tied with the HCT circuit."
"nR_Heib DeathBoose gigacon_no Also, not all DH are counted. 2015 Tours, being primarily French, is not ranked."
"nR_Heib DeathBoose gigacon_no Because DreamHack is an international major, while GIGACON is local to the Nordics."
"DeathBoose gigacon_no Local tournaments genuinely do not"
". ForsenSC2, TrumpSC, elkypoker headline the line-up for World Series of Sealed 2.0  "
"Handsomeguy with back-to-back HCT APAC Championships  "
".firebat, TempoReynad, TrumpSC, Kripparrian comment on upcoming nerfs "
"Reynad explains the World Series of Sealed format "
"DeathBoose Yes, it's what we call reliability rating, which \"hides\" (not substracts) a part of your rank before you start competing again"
"DeathBoose HS_Orange Because we only log top 8 for the sub-regional prelims. They also give/take no points."
"On VODs: Relive the HCT EU Summer Championship showdown "
"From zero to tavern hero: A story of kindling the PlayHearthstone competitive fire "
"AKA_Wonder DingItTV Yup, starting today."
"Decklist spotlight: All decks from the HCT APAC Summer Championship "
".PlayHearthstonevideo deck guide: Crusher Shaman guide by JoRoSaR "
"The HCT Last Call Qualifier line-ups for Europe and Americas are set and they're stacked "
"The PlayHearthstonecompetitive recap: Everything you might've missed from last week in one place\u2026 "
".PlayHearthstone developers talk Shaman, Yogg and more "
".StrifeCro with first tournament win in five months at Start Democracy invitational "
".DrHippi_VP is the HCT Europe Summer champion "
"No surprises at day one of the HCT European Championship "
"The third HCT EU quarter final is live with DizdemonHS vs Grayj.Watch here:  "
".georgec_hs 4-0's in his first match. Next on stream: ikealyou vs Viper. HCTWatch live:  "
".georgec_hs vs Cerasi in the opening quarter final of HCT EU ChampionshipWatch live:  "
"We ask you: Who will win the HCT EU Summer Championship? "
"Today AFCAjax announced they would be the latest team to step into the world of esports "
"Episode 57 of The Innervated is now live. Listen/watch here: "
"The pairings for HCT EU Summer Championship have been drawn "
"Decklist spotlight: All decks from the HCT EU Summer Championship "
"Two and a half years later: The missing features of Hearthstone  "
"This $15,000 invitational will gather Hearthstone\u2019s biggest stars this weekend  "
"My new sounds: The Innervated 57: Formats. More formats!  on SoundCloud"
"On VODs: Relive the beauty of PGLesports' 9-deck format  "
"The Innervated goes live in 20 minutes, talking about format diversity and the future of HCT"
"Diversity and the future of HCT: Tonight on The Innervated 21:00 CEST  "
"The Americas qualifiers for WESG are now open  "
".HotMEOWTH wins HCT AM Summer Championship to qualify for Blizzcon  "
"The PlayHearthstone Competitive Recap: September 12-18  "
".TessinHS wins PGL Tavern Tales Bucharest "
"Guide: How to deal with tilt in Hearthstone? "
"Team Dignitas drops its Hearthstone roster "
"Too much HS? Not even slightly!Watch PGL: Watch HCT AM:  "
"Next on PGL stream, G2Lifecoach and NaViXiXo fight for their tournament life.WATCH:  "
"One of coL_Crane333 and HS_Orange will be eliminated from PGLWatch live:  "
"Golden Joystick Awards nominate Hearthstone in 'Competitive Game of the Year' category "
".G2Lifecoachvs StanCifka is the last winners match for today.Watch live:  "
".HS_Orange and NaViHoej will play next on pglesports Bucharest.Watch live:  "
".coL_Crane333 vs coL_superjj102 opening pglesports Bucharest playoffs.Watch live:  "
"The playoff pairings for pglesports Bucharest have been set  "
"Tyrande Whisperwind announced as new Priest hero skin "
"Flawless showing for Denmark at pglesports Bucharest with all Danes advancing to playoffs: "
"The final game of pglesports Bucharest for the day is here, AKA_Wonder vs NaViHoej Watch live: "
"The first seven to pglesports Bucharest playoffs have been decided. One more spot left.  "
"Decklist spotlight: coL_superjj102's winning decks from Batstone 1  "
".PGLesports Bucharest: A viewers guide  "
".PGLesports Bucharest: A viewers guide  "
"Video deck guide: Worgen OTK Warrior by JoRoSaR  "
"TPG_BoarControl Corrected in the description, it's Museum Curator, apologies"
"Decklist spotlight: The Chinese N'Zoth line-up which qualified for Blizzcon  "
"Bans, bats and banter: The Innervated podcast 56  "
"What decks should we expect at Firebat's Batstone 1 tonight?  "
"China\u2019s premier team league will have two western invites for its Season 3 playoffs  "
"My new sounds: The Innervated 56: Bats, bans and banter  on SoundCloud"
"Esports scholarships top priority with the National Association of Collegiate eSports launch  "
"Decklist spotlight: All decks from the HCT Americas Summer Championship  "
"Goin live with The Innervated in 5 mins, talking Batstone, PGL and more!"
"Banning our way out of staleness: Tonight on The Innervated at 21:00 CEST  "
"My new sounds: The Innervated 55: What the hell is going on?  on SoundCloud"
".TPG_Raven, LotharHS and GnimshTV to cast pglesports Bucharest this weekend  "
"Batstone 1 line-up completed as more cards get banned  "
".AKA_Wonder, NaViHoej, G2Thijs and Ekop complete PGL Tavern Tales line-up "
".G2Rdu shares his thoughts on the last call invitationals for Blizzcon "
"A Welcome Bundle will come to Hearthstone "
".TPG_Ness wins the Batstone 1 qualifier. Here are his decklists, too  "
"Does Blizzard need to start reigning in its RNG?  "
