"DTwoHS bananafreak2u WESGcom need brazil visa :("
"bananafreak2u WESGcom we don't"
"bananafreak2u WESGcom we don;t get paid in cash thou"
"Ekop WESGcom US qualifiers are 2 weeks later in Brazil"
"LoLThor WESGcom it's not that simple, im planning to go to the consulate I might need a letter from BlizzardCS to get my Visa faster"
"CydoniaHS the reason tuskar rng is so painful is it hits on turn 3, I think spell power on 2 is actually worse."
"u2runnr all bursts got nerfed. We don't even have worgen combo anymore"
"u2runnr what class deals more than doom hammer double rock biter post nerf not saying it's good"
"Now shaman has best early game removal, best burst, best aoe, best startted minions, best hard removal, best taunt best buff cards."
"I usually never complain about cards but fuck spirit claws and spell power rolls."
"Got to rank 4 early for RaTRace but then it became 70% shamans. Internet went out don't think I can take another tuskar flip anyways gl muz"
"Playing in RaTRace to legend, join me at "
"hsTh3RaT: LG_Muzzy LG_Fr0zen Must be streamed."
"hsTh3RaT: Any NA players for a legend race w/ buy in? $50 buy in. First place takes 75% of pot and 2nd place gets 25%. LG_Muzzy LG_Fr\u2026"
"Streaming in 5 mins, going for rank 1 druid. Discussing nerfs "
"Avatarkyungsoo WESGcom Casie_HS no"
"Lineup I used for WESGcom &lt;3 Valeera thx Casie_HS "
"Qualified for WESG Brazil, hopefully my teammate LG_Zalae wins from the other side of the bracket. GGs to Joster."
"Made it to the finals of WESG vsing joster for a spot in Brazil."
"ONOGesports: Announcing the Start Democracy Invitational, beginning this Friday at 4:00 PM EDT. Details at  Gam\u2026"
"vmarsfanPH I don't think it will be tier 1 because how strong mid shaman will become and yogg is the best answer vs mid shaman."
"Navi00T:  rat rant is my favourite content in hs community. listen if you care about the game"
"ONOGesports: Fresh after his first place finish at the ONOG 2016 Circuit, LG_Fr0zen is coming in hot to Start Democracy Invitational.\u2026"
"Had my longest stream today in a while, thanks for the hosts Ant_Hs ,coL_Asmodai ,HAKOGARES"
"Streaming rank 1 climb "
"iSingleBaka there's is probably something good on xixos Twitter"
"iSingleBaka mid shaman"
"HsCoached warrior isn't even t1 anymore, new mid shaman is counterable."
"Complaining about Yogg rng when you can ban Druid feels like giving yourself a pathetic excuse when you lose. Especially in LHS too."
"Streaming rank 1 climb again. "
"Got a new set up going to start streaming in 20 minutes, hopefully no more lag! "
"VlpsHS trying?"
"Luminosity: NEWS: Luminosity add LG_SHOOWTiME &amp; LG_shz to the CS:GO team!Read More:  "
"Can't wait to play yogg when astral communion rotates out :^)"
"KevveC NaViOstkaka Just gonna let my team figure it out."
"KevveC NaViOstkaka will be here for DH winter"
"hsTh3RaT: Be upset. Play worse. Blame game. Play even worse. Its a cycle really. Personally, I'm excited to see changes with the HCT an\u2026"
"Been having technical issues with obs and can't stream for a couple days sorry guys."
"Streaming in 20 minutes, answering some questions. "
"Flight back home late tonight, will return to stream tomorrow. Had an amazing time at PAX west."
"ONOGesports: Congrats to LG_Fr0zen and a massive thank you to GEICO and everyone who's watched the circuit. GEICOGaming "
"And the rogue list, I did cut the SI:7 as well "
"These are the decks I won ONOG with, LGWIN "
"ONOG CHAMPION GEICOGaming"
"Grand finals hype GEICOGaming"
"Just reached the venue excited for the finals GEICOGaming"
"LoLThor Chakki_HS had rag topdeck out if I went face."
"Laptop definitely lagged when I traded in the dragon warrior mirror, but ggs Chakki_HS hope we meet in the finals again."
"Playing the winners finals match vs Chakki_HS , should be a good one. GEICOGaming"
"Luminosity: Another LGHS member advances! LG_Fr0zen takes down Shoop with an impressive 4-1 victory! GoLG "
"hsTh3RaT Liquid_monk you looked very angry when they were showing your matches in the series"
"ONOGesports: Thanks to GEICO for sponsoring a great year of PlayHearthstone. We're live from PAX West all weekend: "
"Jk, I'm second match"
"Vsing Liquid_hsdog on stream in PAXWest half an hour. Geicogaming"
"proasfuk3627 earlier win condition in teachers so better vs aggro, better vs mirror as well"
"Chakki_HS: Just landed in Seattle for the ONOGesports finals at Official_PAX. Starts tomorrow and we've got 3 Luminosity members rep\u2026"
"Luminosity: NEWS: DXRacer sponsor Luminosity! Read More: DXRacer LGLOYAL "
"Apxvoid: Finished the season rank 1 using Fr0zens Malygos druid. 2 points off making last call though. "
"99% sure this malygos druid deck is the best deck in the game. "
"Yolo queued for 1 at the last hour again, pretty sure I ended top 3, guess i'm second seed and vs neobility r1 in last call."
"Going to try to sneak that top 10 in on stream starting 10 minutes "
"Won't be streaming till after pax prime, hyped to vs Liquid_hsdog round 1. Hopefully emotes will be ready by then."
"Had a really fun stream today, thanks HotformHS for the host, really really appreciate it!"
"Going to be streaming some top 25 rogue/druid in 15 minutes. "
"Really hope NaViXiXo wins this finals, would show there's at least some consistency in hearthstone even with all these yogg-sarons"
"Finished my first review of Insomnia matches, thanks for watching and a sub."
"Starting stream in 15 minutes, "
"Streaming later tonight, got carried away watching insomnia, would anyone be interested if I reviewed the games?"
"Streaming top 25 legend in 10 minutes, 4th day streaming in a row!"
"TicTac_HS is there anywhere I can find brackets?"
"F2K_Senfglas: .F2K_Cipher and I drew like gods with LG_Fr0zen 's Yogg Druid list. we did not drop a game. 2x 3-0 with druid. fun http\u2026"
"Gonna start streaming earlier today, Live in 20 minutes."
"Luminosity: NEWS: Luminosity expand add Halo team.Welcome Naded LG_Eco LG_Danoxide LG_eLToWnRead:  https:\u2026"
"el_ignite I think your list might be better in a control meta but in a board control meta teachers are just too opop"
"CLG_Link Also the consistency of hitting a 4 drop is important, i think 3 is too few."
"CLG_Link The matchups that mulch is good in are already very favored, ie druid,priest"
"Was testing blowout potential for barnes and meta is too aggro for mulch, feral rage to heal with 8/8's on board has good synergy (1/2)"
"Got top 10 a few times again with this deck, made a few changes 99% sure barnes is bad but feral rage seemed good. "
"streaming in 15 minutes "
"Had a nice stream today, went to rank 3 with this list then kept disconnecting, still had a 75 percent win rate. "
"Gonna start my first stream in ages in 15 minutes,  Top 10 Legend with Maly Druid"
"Pretty solid bounce back to the week, will probably be streaming soon as well! "
"Lost a few rounds in, actually not convinced im playing the same game as my opponent. GL to my teammates LG_Muzzy and LG_PHONETAP"
"This time actually going on stream vs bloodyfaceHS , stoked to play my first match for Luminosity"
"Our match wasn't able to be streamed due to not having 2 backdrops but ggs firebat I finally was able to nut curve druid."
"Going to be playing firebat on stream soon, gonna be a good match!"
"ArchonAmnesiac firebat Chakki_HS lolNostam LG_Muzzy YOITSFLO I think we are just going to eat hotel breakfast this time around."
"LG_Zalae: I'm excited to be joining Luminosity and working with my new teammates LG_Muzzy LG_PHONETAP LG_Fr0zen Chakki_HS"
"LiquidNeirea LG_Muzzy Chakki_HS Frodan I blame Chakki's clear's not working throwing us off."
"Chakki_HS LiquidNeirea Frodan Above clears don't workin rage 3/3 firstpyromancer rampage the 3/1command shoutexecute rampaged x/2"
"LuffyHS Idk muzzy's like passing out."
"ImpactHS_ We went back to the hotel and ordered food. Too much rain."
"Rough tournament for me, learned the hard way you can't target dragon warrior in bo3 swiss. Gl to my teammate LG_Muzzy."
"Repping this sick LGLOYAL jersey at DHMTL16 with LG_Muzzy "
"Luminosity: .Luminosity storm back into the Hearthstone sceneAdd Chakki_HS LG_Muzzy LG_Fr0zenRead:  https:\u2026"
"mikhail_mkz I think it's very similar, depending on your rng yogg is very strong vs tempo decks as a extra board clear/damage/value card"
"lzvcle_hs its, if you wanna run lance carriers maybe 2 squires are better than villager? Not sure abut gormok and dark iron tho"
"lzvcle_hs Leeroy and doomguard are only strong vs control decks, right now vs druid/shaman/zoo/hunter its better to snowball the board."
"Animated_David Play heavily for board control as face damage matters less when you have no chargers."
"Just won ONOGesports Feature 4, ggs to RostyHS, Prophecy and LG_PHONETAP . Here are the decks I played. "
