"ONOGesports: Announcing the Start Democracy Invitational, beginning this Friday at 4:00 PM EDT. Details at  Gam\u2026"
"ONOGesports: Thanks to GEICO for sponsoring a great year of PlayHearthstone. We're live from PAX West all weekend: "
"Did Frodan just 3-0 StrifeCro with Bog Creeper?"
"Hello again, Old_GuardianHS is back from DHS16 with a report on innovation rewarded: "
"steveaoki: Gamers unite!!! We going live at 1pm w/ LiquidDominate LiquidSavjz on Twitch  "
"LiquidNeirea: some thoughts about the state of the game "
"CelestialSinn: EU vs CN Infographic: Player Data  via liquidhearth/"
"ONOGesports: Group A is live featuring Chakki_HS, GFE_TerrenceM, TempoSaiyan, and LG_PHONETAP! Who takes it?"
"Are you ready for this weekend's ONOGesports Feature 3? If not don't worry, we have a preview all set up."
"May's been a good month for Chakki_HS but the highlight must've been talking toLiquid_monk for this interview. "
"CelestialSinn: Everything you need to know before watching CN vs EU LiquidHearth   "
"Decklists are in for tomorrow's EU Prelim and here is how the meta breaks down. | HCT "
"What's more Paladiny than a giant octopus demon?Nothing, so check out this flavorful guide:  "
"Listen to the Councilman! Zoo's still 1!!! "
"CelestialSinn: CN vs EU Championship 2016 Announcement on LiquidHearth    "
"ONOGesports: In unsurprising news, all ONOG Opens and Features from here on out will be played in the Standard format."
"Still being disrupted by playful  sprites? Study up on this card review while you wait!"
"Enigma_Daisyx: The 3th part of the Liquid card review:  LiquidHearth with ESH_Ersee ESH_Cursed Old_GuardianH\u2026"
"CelestialSinn: CN vs US Collegiate Championship 2016 Announcement on LiquidHearth :   "
"The card review part two is here for you! "
"ONOGesports: The GEICOGaming Feature 2 Tourney is coming up tmrw-Sun! $6K prize pool &amp; more is on the line. Join us on Twitch! https:\u2026"
"ONOGesports: Leadpaint thinks Zoo is the best deck in the game, but will he stick with it in the Feature?GEIC\u2026"
"You broke it. nerfplz "
"What's this, a new card reveal? "
"Aggro Shaman is still a young deck but it's already been through quite a few iterations. We break them down here:"
"ONOGesports: Big news! We're hosting a $10K PlayHearthstone HCT Major at PAXEast2016 w/ GEICOGaming! Details here: "
"There's nothing quite like spoiler season. Let's dive in with round one of our card reviews. "
"It may be on April 1st but we promise this is a real tournament..."
"ONOGesports: Rally your Grim Patrons! The GEICOGaming Hearthstone Open 4 is 2 days away - sign up now!  https:\u2026"
"Rogue's a class which can be built  different ways. Here's what you need to know about each. "
"elkypoker: With TeamLiquidPro Liquid_hsdog  who was so close from winning the  TrueSilver championship at Insomnia57 ! "
"Today's article covers the past and present of Midrange Shaman. A deck with potential that's fallen on hard times."
"We've got some new info on potential changes to Standard courtesy of Liquid_monk: "
"The Standard format will have plenty of new toys but BTran1919 doesn't want you to forget about some old friends:"
"You know that SPY_Vlps won the last Open, but did you know he did an interview with Liquid_monk? GEICOgaming"
"JohnerFX We've fixed those links. Thanks!"
"ONOGesports: Opens are a great way into the competitive scene. Let shoop_hs explain why and how you should start.GEICOgaminghttps:/\u2026"
"ONOGesports: Lots of monkeying around but SPY_Vlps takes down Open 3 and is going BACK to the Feature Tournament! GEICOgaming https:\u2026"
"ONOGesports: Last call to sign up for our $1K GEICOGaming Hearthstone Open! Check-in tonite at 8pm ET!  https:\u2026"
"With whispers of a new expansion just around the corner, what better time to review our card assessments!"
"ThatsAdmirable: Good article about lineups!"
"Learn how to build a lineup from the success at the HCT NA Preliminaries:"
"ONOGesports: 2 days 'til our GEICOGaming Hearthstone Open begins! Win prizes &amp; get live-cast on Twitch!  https:\u2026"
"The next ONOGesports Open is next friday but signups are open now!"
"There are many strong ways to build the Zoolock deck. Here's a breakdown of recent winners. "
"ONOGesports: He was down but not out, Eversiction comes back and is the first player going to PAX!GEICOgaming "
"ONOGesports: Group B starts in 15 minutes! Come and watch some Hearthstone with GEICOGaming "
"PlayHearthstone: Watch the ONOGesports Feature Tournament 1 live nowwith Kripparrian &amp; Azumoqtcasting! ht\u2026"
"ONOGesports: Day one of our first Feature Tournament is kicking off soon! Time to get in here:  "
"You like PlayHearthstone right? Come help us write about it!"
"ONOGesports: Our 1st geicogaming Feature tourney of 2016 is this Fri-Sun feat Kripparrian, Firebat_HS  https:\u2026"
"ChanmanV: FYI, Strelzik &amp; I are hosting a Fireside Gathering in Coral Springs, FL this sunday! Tourney, prizes, food, etc.! "
"ONOGesports: TGI Swagday! Blizzard_Ent sent us this stack of goodies for the PlayHearthstone winter prelims this Sat! "
"Winning at Hearthstone is great, but TL_Hayl is wondering what's the rush!  "
"An innovative Control Warrior deck and solid Druid play help Eversiction win Open 2 "
"ONOGesports: Congrats to Eversiction for winning Open 1. He will also be joined by LBYS_HS in feature tournament 1 later this month!"
"ONOGesports: A quick 3-0 goes to LBYS_HS, but Kingpawn will have a chance to redeem his Priest deck against AstrogationTV up next!"
"ONOGesports: Series 1 goes to Eversiction as we have LBYS_HS vs Kingpawn coming up next! "
"ONOGesports: First up in ONOG Open 2 is AstrogationTV vs Eversiction a team battle between members of NewOrderEsports "
"ONOGesports: Our second GEICOGaming open start up in less than one hour with Azumoqt and Chakki_HS at the casting desk! "
"ONOGesports: Check out Liquid_hsdog as he plays through the ONOG Open 2 "
"ONOGesports: Please head over to  if you're playing the open right now. Spread the word!"
"ONOGesports: Check-ins for our Open 2 have started! Check in at  and enter our discord to play "
"GEICOGaming: Visit  to sign up for our 2nd PlayHearthstone open tournament with ONOGesports. You could win you\u2026"
"ONOGesports: Get a head start on the points race and sign up for the second Open Qualifier going down tomorrow at 7pm EST."
"TeamLiquidPro: Find out what LiquidSjow LiquidNeirea and Liquid_hsdog think about Standard as a format: http\u2026"
"ONOGesports: A strong win from Druid in game one gave shoop_hs the momentum he needed to get a 3-1 win in the finals. "
"ONOGesports: It came down to the last draw but SPY_Th3RaT dodges a bullet and takes third place. "
"ONOGesports: The final is set with Chakki_HS taking game five off the back of a very fast opener. "
"ONOGesports: He started off down 0-2 but a seven attack Tunnel Trogg kicked off the comeback for Shoop_HS "
"ONOGesports: We're starting in three minutes, time to tune in to: "
"The first ONOGesports open is tonight at 7pm so sign up!"
"The new Standard of Hearthstone has arrived:"
"The ONOGesports stream from PAX South is live so check it out:"
"Board clears are super powerful and Kripparrian wants to see more of them, but is that a good move?"
"Check out this post-review of The League of Explorers' top ten cards by LiquidSavjz!"
"The Hearthstone TeamStory league is all wrapped up and here are the top decks courtesy of CelestialSinn "
"Do you need a complete and comprehensive guide to Tempo Mage? Well good timing because here's exactly that:"
"The Feast of Winter Veil is done and it's back to the ladder. Find out here how Midrange Druid did on day one: "
"ChanmanV: FYI Strelzik &amp; I are hosting a Fireside Gathering this Sat in South FL. They'll be a fun tourney + cool prizes/food "
"Want to level up your Midrange Druid play? Eversiction has the tips which will help you make the jump."
"Monk is back with a Heroic Guide for the final League of Explorer's wing. Time to take out the end boss:"
"The fourth and final wing for League of Explorers came out today and we've got the final batch of card reviews:"
"There was some shuffling in the top ten of this week's Power Ranks but Paladin holds strong:"
"TL_Hayl: Because sometimes you're in it for the long haul. "
"Save Sir Finley and recover the Pearl of the Tides with Liquid_monk's guide to this week's heroics. "
"Get ready for tomorrow's release with more card reviews!"
"TeamLiquidnet: We are happy to announce that our store is back open with our new partner JINX!  "
"elkypoker: Curious what the pros think are the best PlayHearthstone decks? Not really a secret but here it is : "
"Liquid_monk: The Celestial Invitational will be going up in 30 minutes at  featuring players like G2Lifecoach a\u2026"
"Did you sleep through last week and miss that Shaman is now a playable class? Catch up on the new Aggro Shaman deck:"
"More cards more reviews! Get the leg up on tomorrow's release with this next batch from Daisyx and crew."
"Heroics got you down? Well we've got the complete guide on Reno's Great Escape:"
"The first wing of League of Explorers is out tomorrow but our card review with ML_Daisyx  is out now!"
"We're ready for the PlayHearthstone Finals and you can be too with this preview! We even have pro predictions:"
"The Power Ranks this week are a special Blizzcon edition! We asked the top 16 for their rankings and here they are:"
"HWC Groups start today so we asked the assembled pros the question on all our minds: who makes it out of groups?"
"Congrats to nias1HS for joining up with Hearthlytics, good luck at Blizzcon!"
"Nias is the dark horse among western players going to Blizzcon but he is confident in his abilities."
"Blizzcon Prediction Polls are up! Post your bets and look smart in the future!"
