"Congrats to Pavel_HS he is a really great player and deserves the spot. Will do my best again next year to get to Blizzcon."
"HS_Orange Loyanscrub ONE_LbDutchboy Why didnt you bring my Renolock DansGame. Gl today (:"
"PlayHearthstone: The Last Call Invitational is the last chance for our champions to qualify for BlizzCon. Check out their decks here: h\u2026"
"Told myself not to bring bad decks to Last Call - But somehow I always end up with Renolock. Looking forward to compete tomorrow. :)"
"Herudra lol du er n\u00f8dt til at k\u00f8be et abonnement for at se det."
"NaViXiXo: "
"GGNydrA: The HCT Last Call Qualifier line-ups for Europe and Americas are set and they're stacked "
"Korepuq "
"Got second place in Start Democracy Invitational last night. Sucks Pidgey couldnt join  the stream but it was too l\u2026 "
"Im in top 4 in ONOGesports gonna play one of my teammates in the semifinale either NaViXiXo or NaViOstkaka. "
"GFE_TerrenceM: Start Democracy Invitational in 5 minutes. I am the 3rd match today vs NaViHoej. GamersRequired "
"ESH_Dart what about just giving him your acolyte."
"NaViXiXo: Feel asleep during hoej's control warrior mirror LUL, so here is the delayed proof that my team is the best &lt;3 "
"NaViXiXo I really hate Argent squires"
"I still rope too much with MalyDruid :/"
"ONOGesports: Announcing the Start Democracy Invitational, beginning this Friday at 4:00 PM EDT. Details at  Gam\u2026"
"ONOGesports: And the first day of the Start Democracy Invitational is LIVE! Top decks and Yogg praise all at  G\u2026"
"Playing vs TempoSaiyan at "
"NaViXiXo:  about to play vs TempoGaara , NaViHoej vs TempoSaiyan afterwards"
"TessinHS: Hey guys! Just got back after winning the PGL Tavern Tales 2016 in Romania! It was an awesome event and a (cont) "
"StanCifka: Congratz to Tessin winning DHB16 :) And really sorry NaViHoej , I wrote article about situation after T4 match.."
"theScoreesports: Tavern Tales' ruling against NaViHoej draws ire from pro communityPlayHearthstone https:/\u2026"
"Creapzz Yep :/"
"My family sent me this picture to cheer me up. So happy to have a supporting family. "
"Not the way I wanted it to end. Felt a match lost was an overreaction. But I should also have been more aware of my own shaman list."
"G2Lifecoach: Getting some sleep b4 the match vs Hoej :)Starting tomorrow at 9:30 CEST "
"GnimshTV: RDU is going to cast the next one with Lothar. Tune in for the Rap God! hearthstone\u2026 "
"HS_Orange: I'm ready for day two of PGL! Playing against NaViHoej a bit later in the second match ^^ "
"natusvincere: .NaViHoej will join NaViXiXo at the Bucharest's PGL: navinews hearthstone "
"Wei2Yu3: Clarification for HCT Last Call. Competitors get Golden Celebration, attendees get Power Core card back! G2Rdu NaViHoej NG\u2026"
"G2Rdu: Posted on reddit about last call,you can find it here!"
"G2Rdu But still a very good post."
"G2Rdu Wish you had more focus on how difficult and time assuming it is getting to Last Call. Playing 1 onl. cup takes 5 hours just for 3HWC"
"Looking forward to compete this weekend. The format is really fun and interesting! "
"G2Rdu: I hope i'm wrong and last call will be great but as it stands i'm pretty sad about the way it's made :( "
"G2Rdu NG_Sintolol Wei2Yu3 PlayHearthstone :("
"GosuGamersHS: Na'Vi wins Deck Gauntlet 3.0 "
"I mean NaViXiXo FailFish"
"Streaming together with NaViHoej at  :)"
"NaViXiXo: .NaViHoej and I won the Deck Gauntlet 3 \\o/ , Na'Vi is still the best.Will do a celebration stream on hoej's channel later."
"Playing in the finale together with Xixo in The Deck Gauntlet against compLexityLive. Check out the stream at "
"I finished top 8 in total HWC points last year and did aswell again this year. Now its time to prepare for Last Cal! "
"Playing against SKGaming in the Deck Gauntlet. You can watch it  . Great format (:"
"NaViXiXo: Tough to focus on the game right now, but I will try. NaViHoej and I will play ANOX_Pavel and ANOXNickChipper "
"natusvincere: Na`Vi.G2A parts with Hearthstone line-up. Read more: navinews "
"NaViXiXo:  Turns out there is some justice after G2Thijs did the same vs NaViHoej at seatstory xd"
"Playing in the Team Gauntlet tournament tonight together with NaViXiXo - You can watch the stream at "
"Spudini omkring 60 p\u00e5 EU og 28 NA (:"
"Currently top 100 on EU and top 50 NA. Really important that I get a high legend finish so I can secure Last Call.:) "
"Good luck to both of you. (: "
"natusvincere: .NaViHoej shared his new Y'Shaarj Druid deck with us: naviacademy hearthstone "
"pantomimeHS "
"Thanks a lot for the host ArchonAmnesiac :) - Won another online cup with ESH_Cursed FaceHunter and Nzoth Controle Warrior."
"natusvincere: What will \"The Menagerie\" bring to the Hearthstone meta?  navinews "
"Had a really fun time streaming today and Thanks a lot for the host coL_superjj102 KappaPride."
"modernleper_hs yoitsflo_hs dude_7597 HotMEOWTH Can you recommend a good name that I can change to, to get a higher winrate in tournament"
"FreddyB_HS Yeah. So many times I wish the War was a taunt. And dont think the synergy with War and Fandrals are important."
"BlackoutHS :s yeah kinda sound stupid when I think about it lol"
"Just hit top 6 Legend with Y'Shaarj Druid. Really fun deck, but expensive to craft tho :p "
"NaViHoej Here is the list 67% winrate out of 97 games. "
"Hit top 100 with Y'Shaarj Druid really fun deck, if you want to try something new. "
"OliechHS: WP NaViHoej , i didn't have the lvl XD "
"G2Rdu Think you have to figure out a counter soon or this will rekt you in Last Call "
"G2Rdu Stats dont lie "
"Cant wait to get Purify to make this Priest deck even more OP. "
"Dont play a lot of Over Watch but this is a great video. Right in the feels. "
"TPG_Raven AddictWita InderenHS Think at least the guy with most point each season should get a spot for regionals."
"GAMURScom: .NaViHoej: \"It\u2019s like you can play perfect Hearthstone and still lose.\" Read the rest of the interview now!"
"10/10 Cthun kills an 8/8 rag and a 5/1 Frothing. Next turn top decks execute for DW - Guess Im the better player :^) "
"Had a really fun time streaming today and I won my second cup in a row - so 3 more HWC. My triple Soggoth lineup at least does well in cups)"
"Won another 256 man online cup so 3 HWC for Last Call, but cant seem to do well at Prelims. Really hungry for my next big tournament win."
"Okay now NaViXiXo just need to get Eater of Secrets from Shifter Zerus and he got this. Believe!"
"Sadly out - I will just have to win Last Call. Will relax and watch some Hearthstone now - Good luck to all the players who still compete."
"Lost my second game in the upper bracket. :/ So I have to fight through the lower bracket now, just have to regain focus (:"
"Won my first game at prelim 3-0 - playing against a Dane now FreddyB_HS. Hopefully I can keep it up this time :)"
"CoffeeAttackHS TicTac_HS GGNydrA I like how he play so many cheap spells and no W. Pyro. And Flash Heal dont have any synergy except Yogg"
"GGNydrA lol the most greedy list ever. I dont hope I face this guy."
"vanad1n This renolock is insanely favored against all the warriors right now even otk - also better against aggro."
"ToxicAp3 I try to target board centric decks like Dragon Warrior, Zoo, Shaman etc and the card also soft counter OTK Worgen."
"AquabladUK  Baldur's Gate 2 also my favorite game of all time."
"I have a feeling that Im the only one who gonna bring 3 Soggoth the Slitherer for prelims lol "
"Cant wait to watch natusvincere in action at TI6. I have a good feeling that they can win this after they won SL :) "
"LiquidSjow Im afraid not :/ Allready pretty big jumps in top 100."
"Currently in top20 legend, probably have to defend my rank several times. Good luck to all climbing the ladder today "
"Lost my first game to G2Thijs he got 4 out of 4 Totem Golems from Tuskarr Totemic. Just have to regain focus sometimes this happend :)"
"Won my first series against Naiman with Yogg Druid 3-0 at Seatstory. Playing the winner of Powder vs Lothar. "
"natusvincere: Tomorrow starts the SeatStory Cup for NaViXiXo , NaViOstkaka , NaViHoej : navinews "
"Not sure what Im most hype for: Playing HS, Meet a lot of awesome people or steal the Swedish players money in Poker "
"Thanks a lot for the host Frodan :) &lt;3 Had really fun streaming so close to win the open cup but got 3th/4th place so still 1 HCT :)"
"Maisqbest Still working on the list, will show it if I can get top 100 with it :)"
"Nice to see decks like Renolock and Nzoth Paladin doing well at Dreamhack Valencia."
"Herudra Good luck. :)"
"LiquidSjow G2Rdu Hmm not sure. I thought it was correct. Would be nice if Blizzard would update their ranking aswell. Its the last season"
"G2Rdu 72 HWC - This site is more updated than Blizzards Standing: "
"I won Online Cup - Coil Weekly Brawl 27. So 3 more HWC points should be in a really good position for Last Call now "
"Couldnt use Twitter in China. I had a fun time even tho I didnt win. Congrats to my teammate NaViXiXo for winning Starladder :)"
"hsstarladder: Are you ready to watch the final part of SL i-League StarSeries S2?  "
"Zetalot2 I can recommend this guy "
"Fr0zen_Hs: Ended up finishing rank 1 again! Not a bad month, deck I played, NaViHoej s renolock. Really farmed warriors. "
"Last ladder day on EU is really intense - Not even feeling safe to stay in top 100 at rank 35 with 30 mins left lol. "
