"G2Rdu good luck bro"
"Going back to China today. Will stream when I have good internet. Kappa"
"LiquidSjow: got rank1 with this shaman list and also went 26-5 with this zoo on EU from rank 15 thanks for watching guys! "
"demonwares feels so sucks man"
"Sorry guys too tired today. Will do long stream tomorrow"
"nojennyno looking good at 5 am kappa"
"Going to stream today when I go back from esport arena! Everything was very fun Brokeback"
"HaHAA "
"EsportsArena: A year has gone by so quickly! Here's TempoEloise and TrumpSC from the first WSOS and from WSOS 2.0! Trump setting out\u2026"
"When hearthstone bet money! "
"NaViXiXo: My wesg decks, in case any of you had hope the patch changed anything xd "
"LG_Fr0zen WESGcom I normally do tourist visa. It is the easiest and don't need any document from organizer. Find a travel agent to do it"
"Thus is going to be fun! "
"Going to record the world of seals event today but I wake up too early no one is here :( guess I stream a bit "
"\"Looking handsome as usual Eloise\"- TrumpSC 2016 "
"You sold me :( and rank me behind some weird alien stuff I don't understand:( "
"RobertAWing China no need to worry because we won't change before the next gold league elegiggle"
"merps4248: Last day memories! "
"smthrx itshafu happy to meet you ^_*"
"Morrolantv Shardbound LUL"
"JustCallMeBau PlayBreakaway that was fuuuuunnnnn!"
"Deer_Nadia: TempoEloise i found you at the san diego zoo  "
"Deer_Nadia btw I really wish to see you hope you are happy everyday!"
"Deer_Nadia what??? You known too much. Kappa"
"getum186 great choice"
"Mulligan_TV devolore itshafu RaqibMarvelous looks interesting bro~"
"Brittany_Spree no one can capture my handsomeness like this kappa. Britt you are best photographer trapped in twitch? LUL"
"Brittany_Spree: .TempoEloise playing board games in the tabletop game room at TwitchCon! It was great meeting you!  More pictures fr\u2026"
"Biblethump! "
"MargaretKrohn chronodeals itshafu very nice to meet you ^_* it was great!"
"Feelsamazingman! "
"stream Breakaway!! try out a lot of games today at twichcon! "
"going to stream shardbound!!! im at twichcon! welcome! "
"Can anyone give me a solide priest list I want to level up with my pretty tyrande;( I'm serious"
"NaViXiXo I hate you LUL"
"Well\u2026at least most CN championship winner are definitely very good this year "
"KR_Rockface \uff1a)"
"I also get chance to play against DDaHyoNi at the HS twitch prime booth for a Korean event! It was very fun! I love Korean community!! ^_^"
"I meet a lot of people and took so many pictures LUL NA fans very different from my Chinese fans hope I didn't awkward anyone"
"Meet up is pogchanp gachigasm! "
"fiorraquinn Twitch :)"
" shaddddddddddddooooooooooowwwwwwwwwverse before bed"
"Going to play in this! "
" shaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddddddddowverse before go to bed"
"izlsnizzt :)"
"Hafu take me to the zoo! "
"HS and chill at hotel at twitchcon with itshafu and this is what we get! Top 10 with Druid! "
"Packing for twitchcon. Took a long time packing don't know if we will miss the flight? Girls x 2 = long time kappa "
"TrumpSC so who took the picture?"
"stream before go to twitchcon~  HS and shadowverse!"
"Yogg biblethump T-T"
"Vohiyo!!!!! "
"Going to stream together! HS on Hafu's channel then shadowverse on my channel! "
"arkalbin pink"
"Very beautiful! "
"On high roller~ don't mind me be autistic! "
"itshafu: On the high roller! "
"There's crew people watch TempoReynad at games work??????? "
"I went to game works with itshafu and ArchonBackspace we won the deal! That's my case! "
"DolanJuhblee :)"
"koronekoHS ^_^"
"I actually got drunk today hahahahaha went to good places and going bed. don't unfollow me pls "
"koronekoHS shadowverse!"
"Qeurae because it is captured secretly. I am too shy :("
"Las Vegas is super interesting city! "
"I see boobs in casino in movies but the one Hafu took me few days ago there was only old guys. Today I finally see\u2026 "
"StrifeCro great job!!!"
"I will be banned in China LUL"
"OMG this is the most pogchanp thing I ever seen in my life!!!!! The strip guy give a rose to me Jabaited Zumanity "
"itshafu ArchonBackspace sure. Kappa"
"They ask me for my ID And itshafu told me in the show there will be naked guys.......?????? LULULULUL"
"VlpsHS do you like it??? It's so good I like it! Maybe one of my favorite opop food now!"
"itshafu: About to watch zumanity with TempoEloise and ArchonBackspace "
"Very nice and interesting!!!!!! itshafu ArchonBackspace "
"Hello I'm Eloise! We are at a vereery nice theater we are going to watch a concert tonight ohhhhhhhh! "
"Hafu ordered a omlet for me she told me it is called krip?????? :O But It taste good! "
"Biblethump &lt;3 "
"Play shadowverse with itshafu today no stream &gt;_&lt;  "
"but i think i played perfectly!! we will do better next time~"
"my decks in ONOGesports tournament! super strong!!! especially the shaman deck LUL "
"LUL seems like I need practice to stream match with showing my desktop. Too much stuff revealed feelsbadman don't ddos me"
"ONOGesports: Up next in the Start Democracy Invitational, TempoEloise vs VlpsHS as we start our second half of today's matches https:\u2026"
"after muzzy and dart finish im going to stream my game vs vlps on my channel. come watch! "
"Don't feel like to stream today but I will stream my tournament match today. Hope you like to watch"
"I did a big poop last night in Hafu's toilet it clogged._. We both feel gross and I want to die now. Can anyone suggest any idea to cure her"
"My camera software got freezed in zoom LUL but seems it looks good! LULULULUL"
"ONOGesports: We couldn't get Michal2287 on short notice, so next up is Chakki_HS going up against TempoEloise  "
"going to play in this! "
"derwaschbear: .TempoEloise Your answer was just priceless! "
"Technically difficult. I won't stream shadowverse today but I'll stream it tomorrow!"
"Stream in 1 hour!"
"The electric break down today and just got fixed. No stream today but at least I tweet this time elegiggle"
"Start to play shadowverse! It is sponsored but why I feel like it's a game especially designed for me???? So many w\u2026 "
"Who is this interesting human? "
"going to play in this weekend!~ "
"stream! twitch.tveloise_ailv"
"TempoReynad sure nokappa"
"Going to stream in half hour ~"
"Ops... Seems like I posted a non make up picture ever. Hope you guys don't discover that I'm actually a guy LUL"
"I went to watch blue man group with itshafu ! Very interesting! "
