"Im just gonna chill then. Was just doing a short evening stream anyways. Back tomorrow earlier, much earlier"
"Oh thought my net went down. Managed to play 5 min talking to myself since immersed lol"
"Going live with Fallout 4! Continuing on Mikasa the Zombie looking AsianSurvival Hardcore (2 lives left)"
"Will be on in the evening and since it's a bit later I'm feeling something chill. Bethesda "
"Uploaded a few pics from irl Skyrim "
"How do you upload a picture pack to twitter from your phone? Any programs? Like 10-15 pictures"
"It got a bit cold so I made a fire  "
"Streamed like 12-14 days in a row or something. Taking the day off to head to the woods with Riki. See you bois tomorrow!"
"Kruxelur thanks bro gonna check it :D"
"Basically we gather a few hundred people or less and start all at the same time and make a guild and shit and play random MMORPGs."
"Something that could be fun is trying Random MMORPG's that seem good with you guys. You play them a month, week or a day if good or bad."
"DerKuma Yes what I wrote is what I like, that's why I shared it too see what others think :)"
"BruckBeef Yeah maybe!"
"go_fd8 Legion ended in 1 day for raiders or less then a week for casuals. So not much too do in WoW sadly. (for raiders)"
"How do you guys feel about 3-4 days main game and 2-3 days of new games, sub days, horror games, skyrim, fallout, dark souls etc?Input plz"
"League of Legends logic. Everyone wants to win so they cry and flame when it doesn't go their way. But crying and flaming makes you lose..."
"Going live with a big breakfast on social eating :DThen time for some competitive try hard gaming."
"birkevaag of course! GAINZZZ, gonna do my best to not mess that up ever again :) - Will be a tough fight"
"Echis06 I only like raids. It ended in 1 day. Next one in months. Not really any point to play WoW for a raider"
"This is awesome. First time I wake up with a big urge to instantly go to the PC and nerd in a competitive game in years. Must eat first tho"
"GSaglind Blizzard_Ent I only care about raids or gearing towards raids etc. The raids ended in 1 day.. 1 week for semi casual guilds."
"It's time for League of Legends today. Time to bring out the Fizz/Kassadin and TF."
"CAN WE PLEASE HAVE LEGACY SERVERS NOW Blizzard_Ent - Legion was a fun joke that lasted way to long....Time to release some proper content"
"Yup it's live! "
"Lumi671 inc"
"Fell a sleep once I got home on the couch. Gonna finish up  chicken and potato sallad and go live. "
"JJohnyr ofc Fifa and Pro evo since 20y or something . But only on consoles with bros"
"Layback2 yep helt sjukt. Hur fan t\u00e4nker de?"
"Lets go Man U!! Time for Zlatan to carry like usual. 45 min to go!"
"A girl named Sofia is about to get deported from Sweden who really shouldn't be. Feel free to sign and help out."
"Time for some breakfast and gym! Woke up a bit late today. Going live when I'm done with these things. Should take around 3 hours"
"I don't know why you guys are so beautiful. But thank you so much for all the support. I am blessed, very blessed to have you guys"
"I never stream when I'm depressed (I'm bipolar) but gonna do it now.Gonna be in the WoW section"
"I love you guys so much. The only people that was ever there for me in times of need in my 33 year old life. For realz, the only ones."
"Sorry for hinting on stream I was feeling great. But now I feel worse then ever cuz a certain someone. GG no stream"
"IlfirinUluthrek Yeah I loved it"
"Feeling a lot better the last 3 days. Way higher motivation for everything and things are fun again.Even wanna stream when I'm hungover :D"
"No stream today bros! Might drop in for a little hi tonight though. Riki gets full attention today "
"Finrodi RikhGaming EypeM Tjwow MeetDecoy mfeddern Chalizaaay IzabelaONE WowPelle Really good times when you think back &lt;3"
"Finrodi RikhGaming EypeM Tjwow MeetDecoy mfeddern Chalizaaay IzabelaONE WowPelle FOR REALZ - must do it again :D"
"Finally a super good gym pass! Really exhausted atm gonna relax a little and eat then we go live in 1-2h"
"AncientSkyrm deffo feeling it "
"Mandaloru nah but I wanna play the new one  think it has potential if you do it right"
"Gonna look into Fallout 4 mods. Looking for things similar to Requiem in Skyrim. I want it to be a real survival game. Any tips?"
"Today is backday at the gym. My favorite gym day! What is your favorite?"
"Skyrim atm on stream! if anyone missed it!"
"Stream going live in World of Warcraft! Talk and Chill.Big grats to these boys! I believed in you :D "
"Bievahh beatmyface_ For casual players they were better indeed. But before it was better for Hardcore players. That's about it."
"Methodsco I approve of this tweet. Old school Method boys carrying &lt;3 - Sco best tank!"
"Methodsco: Hey Serenity, need a hand on Cenarius? actionslouderthanwords "
"Very interesting that Method beat Serenity so clearly when Serenity recruited the best Protection Warrior in the world :)"
"Ruski's to stronk. VODKA and 2x Protection Warriors on world first."
"beatmyface_ They are. Cause you can TUNE the encounter so you gotta do mechanics + perfect dps + more gear required to be beaten"
"l13902733261 Yes so have people for 8+ years. It's nothing new."
"thefourthprime Smug comments deserve it back at them. None of my posts talked about myself. We're talking about WOW's state here. Not me."
"TheLumpr thefourthprime It's not about that. People prepared like this for the last 6+++ years. Blizzard fucked it up. That's it."
"AngbergNR1 LOL :) trick is to bro them before the game starts haha"
"Ok enough fun! Time to hit the gymI've always had a sweet spot for Russians. You all know my ruski Arthur. BIG BIG GRATS TO EXORSUS again!"
"thefourthprime Also luckily there is science and stats behind raiding. Very beautiful. Admire and enjoy. Maybe one\u2026 "
"thefourthprime Not at all in any kind of form. They can all be better for all I care. I love WoW and hardcore MMORPGS. Shame it's casual."
"irrelevantmongo GeneralTingu bgcardeal yes and a twitch chat guild made it to top 20 WORLD in a few months. What does that say? :)"
"GeneralTingu bgcardeal It's not about me either. It's about the current raiding in WoW. it's garbage. Doesn't have anything to do with me"
"GeneralTingu bgcardeal we played casually in a guild that was a few weeks old. Why make yourself look like a dumbass?"
"Because the longer it takes the more likely it is that the best guild win. 2/2"
"I like when people defend that it takes 1 day to clear all content. The guilds in the top probably hate it more then me. 1/2"
"RetronWarz Yes people did that back in the days as well and it took weeks/months to clear dungeons. :)"
"rynchtv I think that WoW is much harder these days :))) - nah but it's really turned into a big joke. It's so casual it's not even funny"
"It's not that motivating to play with World of Warcraft when the hardest \"most long lasting\" thing in the game takes 1 day to clear."
"OH WOW just checked Wowprogress :)I TOLD YOU GUYS THE RUSKIS WOULD WIN! :) Called it many times.Congratulations to Exorsus. Ruski powah!"
"Or maybe play Mikasa the evil kitty to the end! I think Fallout 4 survival + mods + rules could be an option for later also. Heard its guud"
"Feeling a bit better lately. Thinking of a regular stream with cam and all tomorrow. Might try WoW a bit also to see how it is at 110."
"Going live! Good luck to all WOW mythic raiders today as well :DWHO WILL BE THE WORLD CHAMPIONS?! "
"Time for gym in 30-40 min and some food after and then we go live with Skyrim!Cicero is waiting in his Dungeon &lt;3 - ghosts seemed hard tho"
"Going live with Requiem! "
"GolfClap_ dumb even."
"GolfClap_ Right now you are the definition of Trump. Hate and ignorance without saying why or giving any reason for it. Definition of dump"
"beastie_k did not watch it and go Bernie!"
"Hello everyone from this chinese bulk face! Stream in 45 minutes!! Skyrim continues... "
"Gabilell Interesting :D no surprise of course!"
"Corrupt North Korea vs Uzbekistan footballI'm amazed that they couldn't make it less obvious lol"
"DEMACIAgaming keep in mind that politics are corrupt in every nation and there will never be a great pick. So bad or worse is the choice"
"garevs69 so you think it's okay to interuppt someone when they speak constantly every single time they speak?"
"If there is ever another debate then I highly recommend a mic mute on Trump while the other candidate speaks so you get anywhere"
"FreddysLuderHS youtube"
"Thought id be watching this for a few hours. But I'm done!! Done!! Time for gym :) stream will be earlier lol"
"Never watched the Presidental debate before but with Trump this is worse then the 5th grade in Sweden. It's beyond ridiculous. Just sad."
"It's really hard to listen to Trump for more then a few minutes without having your brain explode? Am I alone in this? I cannot stand it"
"Will be later on in the evening.Gonna head to the gym after I watch some debating with Americas two finest people"
"Help me get excited with a cool build and we will go live within the hour :)I feel like playing some type of Stealther. (no dr00d,necro)"
"How about some Sunday Skyrim in 30ish?"
"Saturday chill with Skyrim Requiem!Gonna go buy some snacks and then we go live!"
"hawBo89 awesome :D you guys own"
"Lumi671 He's alive! :D"
"Some morning Skyrim adventures with the Goblin \"Warchief\" :DLive in 15-20 minutes"
"The question is. Shower after gym or straight to Skyrim"
"Had so much fun playing Skyrim yesterday! More adventures around 14.00 CET!ALL IN AT GYM TODAY! Only went once in 10 days :("
"HisanaSaku Don't wanna fuck up my newly installed skyrim or maybe you can sepereate them? I wanna play it tho \"SOON\" :)"
"An Immersive / Roleplay Skyrim playthrough will go live today around 13.30-14.00!Will be using MIC today &lt;3 and lag issues should be fixed"
"Gonna play some Skyrim Requiem. Amazingly modded!No cam / mic. Not really a real stream. But maybe someone out there will enjoy it. Sorry"
"Methodsco Djari328 so many wrong things on that plate "
